Throughout this lesson, I've talked about findings.
Let me take just a moment and explain what I mean by that.
Remember that at a high level,
the goal of an audit relates to exposing weaknesses
or failures in your information security systems,
proving compliance, setting budget, and etc.
But the weaknesses or threats that are exposed and suggestions made by
the assessor during the audit process are what we're referring to as findings.
Those audit findings operate similarly to how
risk registers or governance findings might operate.
There will be a finding or a risk statement,
an assessment of the risk by the assessor,
and a recommendation of how to remediate the risk.
But assessors will generally only provide
the actual findings and not a complete outcome for everything assessed.
If many controls successfully passed an audit,
there's going to be little mention of those in the report,
except maybe perhaps in a very brief statement in an executive summary.
The only real cognizable difference between the audit report findings and those from
internal activities will be that risk ratings will
likely come with recommended time frames for remediation.
You absolutely want to keep a close eye on what those time frames are.
One of the reasons you want to pay
such close attention to recommendations for remediation and
their associated time frames is organizations will
typically issue management responses to findings.
This is your opportunity to respond to an assessor.
Normally, you'll respond in one of three ways.
First, you'll agree with the finding and the recommendations for remediation,
or you'll partially agree with the finding or the recommendations,
modifying the finding to suit your view of the organization's needs,
or you'll disagree with the finding and cite
some reason as to why you believe the finding misrepresents
your control or how it misrepresents
your associated risk or the recommendations for remediation.
Plans of action following audits operate
just like plans of actions that we've discussed previously.
As always, you'll want to involve the appropriate stakeholders to
negotiate timing or response and specific control adjustments.
You'll want to keep track of all of those remediation activities so that
you're able to report status to leadership and make adjustments as necessary.